hi everyone our steak and eggs are done
that's the finished product eme take a
little taste hmm yes you like it and now
I am in the process of making Vanek
bread this is Panik bread it's one of
the most simplest breads you can make
it's just flour baking powder 2 eggs
some cinnamon coconut raisins nuts
walnuts I put in there and some actually
I put some trail mix in there too
because that was fun and what else goes
in there I put a little brown sugar but
basically you could add anything you
want to Bannock bread and the trip to
making Bannock bread is not to mix it a
lot is if you mix it and need it and all
that then it doesn't quite like rise up
the way it's supposed to so this is the
Bannock bread and your cook I'm going to
cook it for 20 minutes on a low flame or
till the side stop peeling you know away
from the pot and then I flip it over and
cook it for another 15 so it's like a
slow cooking bread and then that is what
we're going to pour some delicious maple
syrup on that's actually left over from
stillwater the delmonico steak 1599 it's
actually the best steak ever and it
comes with one of these mini lopes which
I never eat so I'm gonna eat this mini
loaf with my eggs mm-hmm you later